README.md, before:

# Express.js RESTful API Assignment

This assignment focuses on building a RESTful API using Express.js, implementing proper routing, middleware, and error handling.

## Assignment Overview

You will:
1. Set up an Express.js server
2. Create RESTful API routes for a product resource
3. Implement custom middleware for logging, authentication, and validation
4. Add comprehensive error handling
5. Develop advanced features like filtering, pagination, and search

## Getting Started

1. Accept the GitHub Classroom assignment invitation
2. Clone your personal repository that was created by GitHub Classroom
3. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```
4. Run the server:
   ```
   npm start
   ```

## Files Included

- `Week2-Assignment.md`: Detailed assignment instructions
- `server.js`: Starter Express.js server file
- `.env.example`: Example environment variables file

## Requirements

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn
- Postman, Insomnia, or curl for API testing

## API Endpoints

The API will have the following endpoints:

- `GET /api/products`: Get all products
- `GET /api/products/:id`: Get a specific product
- `POST /api/products`: Create a new product
- `PUT /api/products/:id`: Update a product
- `DELETE /api/products/:id`: Delete a product

## Submission

Your work will be automatically submitted when you push to your GitHub Classroom repository. Make sure to:

1. Complete all the required API endpoints
2. Implement the middleware and error handling
3. Document your API in the README.md
4. Include examples of requests and responses

## Resources

- [Express.js Documentation](https://expressjs.com/)
- [RESTful API Design Best Practices](https://restfulapi.net/)
- [HTTP Status Codes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status)

Commit message:

feat: initialize project with package.json and basic server setup
- Added package.json with project metadata and dependencies for Express.js, body-parser, and uuid.
- Updated server.js to change the root route response to "Hello World!" for a simpler greeting.

README.md, after:

# Express.js RESTful API Assignment

This assignment focuses on building a RESTful API using Express.js, implementing proper routing, middleware, and error handling.

## Assignment Overview

You will:

1. Set up an Express.js server
2. Create RESTful API routes for a product resource
3. Implement custom middleware for logging, authentication, and validation
4. Add comprehensive error handling
5. Develop advanced features like filtering, pagination, and search

## Getting Started

1. Accept the GitHub Classroom assignment invitation
2. Clone your personal repository that was created by GitHub Classroom
3. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```
4. Run the server:
   ```
   npm start
   ```

Try it (once the server is running):

- Open a browser or use curl to visit the root endpoint:

  - Browser: http://localhost:3000/
  - curl (PowerShell):

    curl http://localhost:3000/

  The root endpoint should return: Hello World!

## Files Included

- `Week2-Assignment.md`: Detailed assignment instructions
- `server.js`: Starter Express.js server file
- `.env.example`: Example environment variables file

## Requirements

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn
- Postman, Insomnia, or curl for API testing

## API Endpoints

The API will have the following endpoints:

- `GET /api/products`: Get all products
- `GET /api/products/:id`: Get a specific product
- `POST /api/products`: Create a new product
- `PUT /api/products/:id`: Update a product
- `DELETE /api/products/:id`: Delete a product

## Submission

Your work will be automatically submitted when you push to your GitHub Classroom repository. Make sure to:

1. Complete all the required API endpoints
2. Implement the middleware and error handling
3. Document your API in the README.md
4. Include examples of requests and responses

## Resources

- [Express.js Documentation](https://expressjs.com/)
- [RESTful API Design Best Practices](https://restfulapi.net/)
- [HTTP Status Codes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status)
